// geral
cor verde padrão #00bfa5

// carousel
headline: Free website for your app
description: Download two PSD mockups both for desktop and mobile layouts
- This Modern and clean PSD Template is made to help you showcase your app. PSD files are well organized and based on Bootstrap 1170px grid so its very easy to customize and update.

// Features
description: We created for you the most ingenious and impeccable features:

checkbox 1
headline: Payment system integration
description: Integrated payment solutions are tools that your business can use to integrate accounting, customer relationship management (CRM) and other business applications with payments processing

checkbox 2
headline: Fraud Control System
description: Control fraud occurs when a trusted person in a high position of responsibility in a company, corporation, or state subverts the organization and engages in extensive fraud for personal gain.

checkbox 3
headline: Mobile Top-up
description: Top-up is an additional or extra amount or payment that restores something to the level that is required.


checkbox 4
headline: Free calling and messaging
description: This app lets you use your smartphone to make free calls and send free text and photo messages to other users, on any device, network and country.

checkbox 5
headline: HD Calls
description: Wideband audio, also known as HD voice, is high definition voice quality for telephony audio, contrasted with standard digital telephony. It extends the frequency range of audio signals transmitted over telephone lines.

// video
background-color #e5eaed

// rates
background-color #edf2f5

// customers reviews
testimonial 1
headline: Excellent communication app.
name: John Doe
description: I've used WhatsApp for over a year. It's excellent, whether communicating securely one-on-one with a business partner, keeping up with a small group, sharing photos with friends.

testimonial 2
headline: the BEST Calling App
name: John Smith
description: I've used this app for a while, and this one has clearer calls and isn't clunky. It's pretty smooth and I really like the interface.  It does have a slight battery drain issue. Anyway, great app!Thanks guys.

testimonial 3
headline: So far so good
name: Jane Doe
description: Having tried just about every calling App. out there I feel that I'm qualified to say that this is one of the very best you can choose!!! Apart from the adds it's been a really great service to use.

// download 
headline: Who will benefit? 
description: Everyone! It's as simple as that!
Download our app now and see for yourself!

// contacts
headline: Get in touch
description: Have feedback, suggestion, or any thought about our app? Feel free to contact us anytime, we will get back to you in 24 hours.

